Hello my name is Alexey Trifonov
in this issue we will talk about small
drum firm pen
subscription series of models on bass
test tool we kindly
provided by the company Nikitos ark
the drum is factory assembled
plastics company reima
ambassador model on top plastic with
bottom -coated thin transparent
this drum has a built-in
the damper which is controlled by this one
pen as well
nuts that prevent
unscrew the bolts in this way
thanks to these nuts you don't have a drum
will be upset like this drum
sounds without damper
and so with the damper and now
test this drum in different
funk rock genres
metal
thank you for your attention subscribe to
my channel and wait for new videos all
until